Disallow reentry of txs in the pool (#3729)
aeternity/aeternity: docs/release-notes/next/do_not_allow_tx_reentry_in_pool.md

> * If a transaction had been discarded from the tx pool, it can reenter. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, if a transaction had been discarded from the tx-pool, it could re-enter the tx-pool. This
```
